Hi, this is my lab to test to demo. So on the board we see that hacks five and hacks for is this playing the address inputs from switch at four in the hexadecimal four, and the inputs data for bits data from switch three to zero is displayed on text one.
And there is a counter displaying the address it's currently looking through and around
on hacks, three and four, Austrian chip sorry.
And if we want to input, any value into the data into the room we can just use input data here.
Input the address here and address here, and use the key suite for enable rights right enable.
Yep. So, now we put one into address zero.
And we can just make something make things easy we just go to the
east wants because it's just more convenient.
So in the next cycle we should see the changes.
Yeah, so like, now we see a displace as the values we previously put in for the address, we previously nuts.
I mean change.